Resourcce -> created based on Azure Foundary Service

Azure AI Foundry Models:
1. provided by Microsoft and Other models
2. can perfrom side-by-side evaluation of models
3. Once you choose model, can deploy model accordingly.
4. In order to use model, need to delpoy the model.

Model Deployment:
1. Depends on data residency needs, call volume and capacity.
2. Two main types - Standard and Provisioned 
   -> Global standard/provisioned = leverage Azure's global infrastructure, for lower latency consider using SKU
   -> DataZone standard/provisioned = particular DataZone, to get lower latency has provision option available

Model Parameters:
1. Temperature = 0 to 1. More diverse and creative repsones
2. Top P = 0 to 1. More consistent response.
3. Max Tokens = Determines the length of model response.

---- Prompt Engineering ----
1. clear and concise
Types:
 a. Zero Shot Prompting = Do not provide context just question. Cost effective in large companies as use less number of tokens.
 b. Few Shot Prompting = Here we give input and output examples before sending instructions to the model.
 c. Chain of Thougth Prompting = Reasoning models. For instance, Chat GPT 5

 ---- Fine Tuning ---
 a. Fine TUne existing LLM model using custom data set. It will reduce resource overhead.
  a.1 Supervied FT = Here, you provide custom data. The customized data already has existing prompts and their completion.
  a.2 Re-inforcement FT = Here the interative feedback loop is used to fine tune the model. It improves the reasoning the model.
  a.3 Direct Preference Optimization = Lighter and faster technique available when it comes to fine tuning. Based on human preferences.

---- Azure AI Content Safety ----
1. To detect harmful user and AI generated content.
2. To detect and prevent the output of harmful content.

Features:
1. can scan and moderate text.
2. Can detect if responses are grounded as per the intended material.
3. Prompt Shileds- Prevents Jailbreak attacks wherein users try to bypass the safety protocols of the model.
4. can identify protected text such as song lyrics, articles etc.
5. Detect code segments that may come from public repository.
6. Prompt shields- Indirect attacks - This could involve hidden attacks, Cross - Domain injection attacks.

Harm Categories:
1. Hate and Fairness = can detect attack or discriminatory language to people.
2. Sexual = 
3. Violence
4. Self-Harm

---- BLockList ----


--- Key Points ---
1. System Prompt is like context to model. How to response for the input.
2. LLM model can give you multiple responses.
3. Monitor the model usage for cost tracking purpose.
4. Azure BLOB (Data Lake) to store the data. Azure Search to search the data inside BLOB. Instead of text based search, vector based search is performed here.
5. Invoke WebRequest (Windows PowerShell) = curl (Linux or Mac OS)